# CS-340

Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable take conscious effort at the start. As I was writing my CRUD Python module I realized how intuitive for me it was to use. This was because I wrote it and so it flowed the same way my thoughts would normally solve a problem. However, when other people look at it they may be confused. This is because we all solve problems slightly different. To help midigate frustration and misunderstanding comments can be added in to help with the confusion. Another method it to make sure that function, methods, and variables names are intuitive to what they are refering to. This will help future developers as well as myself when refactoring is needed.

As I was approaching this project I realized the way I had approached previous problems might not work as well with this one. Since I would be intigrating a datatable as well as a dashboard widget I would need to make the code more adaptable to use. This was abit of sturggle since I was not completely familiar with the dash library so there were many rewrites and looking back I would have definitly started by first contrusting the basics of the dashtable and then write bits fo the CRUD method. i would have written them side by side.

This project helped give me a good overview of a part of what computer scientists do. We help integrate the world of a computer into something the every day person can understand and more intuitively use. This means helping companies with their software so that their work can run smoother and be able to cut costs for them.
